feat(curriculum): add English Curriculum Block 23 (#60790)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-talk-about-numbers-with-a-coworker/68470e1747093934338cb60c.md

---
id: 68470e1747093934338cb60c
title: Task 43
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-43
---

<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Read the text and answer the question below.

# --questions--

## --text--

> After talking with James, Jessica updated the project timeline with a clear timeline and shared it with the team:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After talking with James, Jessica clarified the project timeline and shared it with the team:
```
